Seccomp listener path updates (#2)
kinvolk/runtime-spec: config-linux.md

    * `SECCOMP_FILTER_FLAG_NEW_LISTENER`
    * `SECCOMP_FILTER_FLAG_TSYNC_ESRCH`

* **`listenerPath`** *(string, OPTIONAL)* - specifies the path of UNIX domain socket over which the runtime will send the [container process state](#containerprocessstate) data structure when the `SECCOMP_FILTER_FLAG_NEW_LISTENER` flag is specified.
    This socket MUST use `AF_UNIX` domain and `SOCK_STREAM` type.
    The runtime MUST send exactly one [container process state](#containerprocessstate) per connection.
    The connection MUST NOT be reused and it MUST be closed after sending a seccomp state.
    If sending to this socket fails, the runtime MUST [generate an error](runtime.md#errors).
    This field MUST be set if and only if the flag `SECCOMP_FILTER_FLAG_NEW_LISTENER` is used.

>     The runtime MUST send the following file descriptors using `SCM_RIGHTS` and set their corresponding indexes in the `fdIndexes` map of the [container process state](#containerprocessstate):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The runtime sends the following file descriptors using `SCM_RIGHTS` and set their corresponding indexes in the `fdIndexes` map of the [container process state](#containerprocessstate):
```

}
```

### <a name="containerprocessstate" />The Container Process State

The container processs state is a data structure passed via a UNIX socket.
The container runtime MUST send the container processs state over the UNIX socket as regular payload serialized in JSON and file descriptors MUST be send using `SCM_RIGHTS`.
The container runtime MAY use several `sendmsg(2)` calls to send the aforementioned data.
If more than one `sendmsg(2)` is used, the file descriptors MUST be sent only in the first call.

The container processs state includes the following properties:

* **`ociVersion`** (string, REQUIRED) is version of the Open Container Initiative Runtime Specification with which the container processs state complies.

> * **`fdIndexes`** (map, OPTIONAL) are the indexes of the file descriptors in the `SCM_RIGHTS` array.

Reviewer: The change from `fds` to `fdIndexes` is not done in the "Example" below, line 727.

Author: Thanks for catching this up!
